[Music]
hey YouTube Dawson right here with a
review of the Ben 10 4 inch Aileen
Collection way big figure so as you take
a quick look at the packaging standard
packaging here for the new style we got
a mainly white background with green
picture of Ben here still a lot of old
kid Ben symbol Benton logo here with no
serious affiliation got the figure right
here a little mini figure that is for
the evolution Ultimatrix and this is way
big and this is join play when one point
and just all that stuff and then on the
back here shows the rest of the line a
haywire section and then the three
regular deeds and then how the
revolution Ultimatrix works so now let's
go ahead and okay so we got the figure
out of the box just to get out up there
goes just to get it out of the way
here's the little clear way big figure
that comes with it I don't have the
revolution Ultimatrix though it's really
not used to me other than just being
generally kind of adorable seems just as
little likeness of way begging it's
clear and it's got a little hole so here
we have the way big figure um he doesn't
look too bad the paint job is pretty
nice the white in the red look really
good cartoon accurate the face is pretty
decent it's it's a good looking face um
if you don't know there's a like a six
inch deluxe way big figure which looks
better but the paint isn't too bad on
this the ultimatrix omnitrix looks
pretty good like I said the red and
white paint looks pretty decent all
around it
it just you know stands out nicely
articulation wise 360 articulation here
at the arm single elbow joint here as I
can swivel around like this I'm kind of
this odd twist joint as I can move
forward and slightly back and he's got
knee bend so standard alien collection
articulation for this guy um overall
he's a pretty nice looking figure like I
definitely enjoy him his colors stand
out nicely he looks pretty good just
sitting there they got the proportions
kind of for his like lanky tallness
going on here if you can just see it
like I like the way that looks if you're
wanting a more in scale figure there is
the deluxe version of waybig that is out
now I will more than likely be picking
it up in
review at some point so but otherwise if
you're a fan of the alien collection
this isn't a bad release it's not my
favorite release in the forint alien
collection there are some better ones
but it's a nice looking figure and if
you're a fan of waybig it's good that we
finally get a figure of him after three
series now but if you're looking for a
more show accurate size I would
recommend the deluxe figure but this is
still cool to have and I had to get it
to complete my 4 inch alien collection
collection I guess so anyway that's
about it it's a pretty short review just
a nice little figure here so until next
time make sure you check out writers
ranges rambles com4 token is in the
craziest way possible and why either
make you check out the RAM board's to
discuss Ben 10 or anything else know
related and of course check out the
crazy podcast as well so until next time
it's Dawson Ryder signing out